README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./Resources/CommunityKitLogo.png" width="300" alt="CommunityKit Logo">
</p>

# ✨ CommunityKit OS 26 — Feature List ✨
> A celebration of the incredible apps crafted for **OS 26** and beyond.

---

## 🎉 Welcome!
The **CommunityKit Release Feature List** is your stage to share what you’ve built this year.  
Whether your app is shimmering with **Liquid Glass**, powered by **Foundation Models**, chiming with **AlarmKit**, or simply refined with a thoughtful update — we want to celebrate **all of it**.

Because sometimes the most powerful thing you can do for your users isn’t adopting the latest framework — it’s releasing an update that makes life better, smoother, and more joyful. 🌱

---

## 📦 How to Contribute
All you need to do is **add your app as a new row in the table below**.
Make sure to follow the intended format.

**Requirements to be included**
- Your app must be **approved for distribution** — e.g. **live on the App Store** or **approved and in Pending Developer Release / Pending Apple Release**.  
- Apps still **in development** or **pending approval** are **not yet eligible**.

**Please include**
- **App Icon** (place inside `Resources/<YourAppName>/<FileName>.png` and then get the url. Eg. https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Pediapal/pediapal.png)  
- **App Name**  
- **Description** (≤200 characters)  
- **Platforms** (see badges provided below)  
- **App Store URL** 
- **Website / Press Kit link**

**Write it in the following format**

| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/CommunityKitIcon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="CommunityKit icon"> | **App Name** | Description ≤200 characters | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://developer.apple.com) · [Website](https://communityKit)

---

## 📝 Example Submission
This example mirrors the fields you’ll add to the table.

| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Pediapal/pediapal.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Pediapal icon"> | **Pediapal** | A child health monitor that helps parents track vitals, medications, and routines. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6739232517) · [Website](https://pediapal.app) |

---

## 🛠 Platform Badges
Copy/paste these into the **Platforms** column as needed:

- ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![watchOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/watchOS-green?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![visionOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/visionOS-purple?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![tvOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tvOS-pink?logo=apple&logoColor=white)

---

## 📚 Submissions
Here’s the showcase of apps submitted for **CommunityKit 2025**! 🎉

| Icon | App | Description | Platforms | Links |
|------|-----|-------------|-----------|-------|
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Pediapal/pediapal.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Pediapal icon"> | **Pediapal** | A child health monitor that helps parents track vitals, medications, and routines. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6739232517) · [Press Kit](https://pediapal.notion.site/) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/PDR/pdr-med.jpeg" width="128" height="128" alt="Please Don't Rain icon"> | **Please Don't Rain** | Please Don’t Rain is a fun, convenient way to track whether weather will affect a day that’s important to you. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/please-dont-rain/id6444577668) · [Website](https://bsky.app/profile/pleasedontrain.com) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/PocketShelf/pocketShelf.png" width="128" height="128" alt="PocketShelf icon"> | **PocketShelf** | PocketShelf is a beautiful reading tracker that helps you finish your books. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6745476834) · [PressKit](https://impresskit.net/0404d5df-91f3-4787-9628-8f59fb21a5d3) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/ArtOfFauna/artOfFauna.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Art of Fauna icon"> | **Art of Fauna** | The Art of Fauna is a relaxing puzzle game about the animal world. Apple Design Award Winner 2025. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/art-of-fauna-cozy-puzzles/id1630468596) · [Website](https://theartof.app/fauna/) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Nunch/nunch_app_icon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Nunch icon"> | **Nunch** | The simplest, most delightful way to track your calories and macros. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6670322395) · [Website](https://nunch.app) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Transcrybe/AppIconNoShadow.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Transcrybe icon"> | **Transcrybe** | Subtitles for everything! Live translate and caption any audio on your mac. | ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6670778781) · [Website](https://transcrybe.app) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/GoClub/GoClub_icon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Go Club icon"> | **GO Club** | GO Club is a step counter for casual walkers that helps you move more, stay hydrated, and build healthy habits with simple, motivating features. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/go-club-step-counter/id6739782103) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/VinylFetish/GlassIcon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Vinl Fetish icon"> | **Vinyl Fetish** | The music player that replicates the vinyl experience. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1490719457) · [PressKit](https://impresskit.net/8d65c118-675e-44e0-a92c-a25456592a6e) |
---

✨ Want to see your app here? **Add your row** to the table and **open a PR!**

Commit message:

Add CardPointers (#10)
* Add CardPointers and order list alphabetically

* Add back in new submission and fix font size

* Add presskit link

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./Resources/CommunityKitLogo.png" width="300" alt="CommunityKit Logo">
</p>

# ✨ CommunityKit OS 26 — Feature List ✨
> A celebration of the incredible apps crafted for **OS 26** and beyond.

---

## 🎉 Welcome!
The **CommunityKit Release Feature List** is your stage to share what you’ve built this year.  
Whether your app is shimmering with **Liquid Glass**, powered by **Foundation Models**, chiming with **AlarmKit**, or simply refined with a thoughtful update — we want to celebrate **all of it**.

Because sometimes the most powerful thing you can do for your users isn’t adopting the latest framework — it’s releasing an update that makes life better, smoother, and more joyful. 🌱

---

## 📦 How to Contribute
All you need to do is **add your app as a new row in the table below**.
Make sure to follow the intended format.

**Requirements to be included**
- Your app must be **approved for distribution** — e.g. **live on the App Store** or **approved and in Pending Developer Release / Pending Apple Release**.  
- Apps still **in development** or **pending approval** are **not yet eligible**.

**Please include**
- **App Icon** (place inside `Resources/<YourAppName>/<FileName>.png` and then get the url. Eg. https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Pediapal/pediapal.png)  
- **App Name**  
- **Description** (≤200 characters)  
- **Platforms** (see badges provided below)  
- **App Store URL** 
- **Website / Press Kit link**

**Write it in the following format**

| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/CommunityKitIcon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="CommunityKit icon"> | **App Name** | Description ≤200 characters | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://developer.apple.com) · [Website](https://communityKit)

---

## 📝 Example Submission
This example mirrors the fields you’ll add to the table.

| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Pediapal/pediapal.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Pediapal icon"> | **Pediapal** | A child health monitor that helps parents track vitals, medications, and routines. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6739232517) · [Website](https://pediapal.app) |

---

## 🛠 Platform Badges
Copy/paste these into the **Platforms** column as needed:

- ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![watchOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/watchOS-green?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![visionOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/visionOS-purple?logo=apple&logoColor=white)  
- ![tvOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tvOS-pink?logo=apple&logoColor=white)

---

## 📚 Submissions
Here’s the showcase of apps submitted for **CommunityKit 2025**! 🎉

| Icon | App | Description | Platforms | Links |
|------|-----|-------------|-----------|-------|
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/ArtOfFauna/artOfFauna.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Art of Fauna icon"> | **Art of Fauna** | The Art of Fauna is a relaxing puzzle game about the animal world. Apple Design Award Winner 2025. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/art-of-fauna-cozy-puzzles/id1630468596) · [Website](https://theartof.app/fauna/) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/CardPointers/cardpointers_icon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="CardPointers icon"> | **CardPointers** | Get the most points and cash back from your credit cards every day. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![watchOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/watchOS-green?logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![visionOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/visionOS-purple?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1472875808) · [Website](https://cardpointers.com) [Press Kit](https://cardpointers.com/presskit) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/GoClub/GoClub_icon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Go Club icon"> | **GO Club** | GO Club is a step counter for casual walkers that helps you move more, stay hydrated, and build healthy habits with simple, motivating features. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/go-club-step-counter/id6739782103) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Nunch/nunch_app_icon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Nunch icon"> | **Nunch** | The simplest, most delightful way to track your calories and macros. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6670322395) · [Website](https://nunch.app) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Pediapal/pediapal.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Pediapal icon"> | **Pediapal** | A child health monitor that helps parents track vitals, medications, and routines. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6739232517) · [Website](https://pediapal.app) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/PDR/pdr-med.jpeg" width="128" height="128" alt="Please Don't Rain icon"> | **Please Don't Rain** | Please Don’t Rain is a fun, convenient way to track whether weather will affect a day that’s important to you. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/please-dont-rain/id6444577668) · [Website](https://bsky.app/profile/pleasedontrain.com) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/PocketShelf/pocketShelf.png" width="128" height="128" alt="PocketShelf icon"> | **PocketShelf** | PocketShelf is a beautiful reading tracker that helps you finish your books. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6745476834) · [PressKit](https://impresskit.net/0404d5df-91f3-4787-9628-8f59fb21a5d3) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/Transcrybe/AppIconNoShadow.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Transcrybe icon"> | **Transcrybe** | Subtitles for everything! Live translate and caption any audio on your mac. | ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id6670778781) · [Website](https://transcrybe.app) |
| <img src="https://github.com/community-kit/CommunityKit-Release-Feature-List/blob/main/Resources/VinylFetish/GlassIcon.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Vinl Fetish icon"> | **Vinyl Fetish** | The music player that replicates the vinyl experience. | ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-blue?logo=apple&logoColor=white) | [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1490719457) · [PressKit](https://impresskit.net/8d65c118-675e-44e0-a92c-a25456592a6e) |

---

✨ Want to see your app here? **Add your row** to the table and **open a PR!**
